## we have 50 keyword in java ##
- 2 are not use ~ goto & const

abstract - it is use in abstract class or method to make it abstract.
continue - it skip the loop iteration.
for - it is used when need of iteration, for-loop and enhance for-loop.
new - new keyword used for creating new Object in java.
switch - switch used for switch-case in java exticuting paticular case if data is matching.
assert - assumptions about your program
default - defalut is access modifier use in java that have scope of in the package.
goto - goto use for jump on paticular code of the block ~ not used
package - package used for bundling the same type of file or code to better understanding to while developing project.
synchronized - ensuring only one thread accesses resource.
boolean - it use for true false, defalut value is false.
do -  it is part of the do-while loop do exciute the code without any codition
if - for check the condition
private - access modifier restrict the visiblity of the class or member variable.
this - this refter to the current obj or variable.
break - it break the loop iteration.
double - it is primitive data type in the java, end with d, double marks = 19.99d.
implements - it use for implementing interface.
protected - it is access modifier, access in the same package and subclasses.
throw - throwing the exception when needed.
byte - one the data type, it has a range of -127 to  128.
else - if is not exsicute it gose into else it will execute.
import - import for importing the class,interface or any dependecy form another package.
public - access modifier it is access across the porject
throws - use for handling exception, mainly checked exception
case - it is used into switch case, it represent case if that match execute paticular block.
enum - it is the special type of the class.
instanceof -
return - it used for returning the value to the method call or anything.
transient -
catch - it is used with try-catch to cathing the exception and handle critical failur of the application.
extends - extends used for inherited one to another.
int - it is the primitive datatype. it store the integer data type.
short -
try
char
final
interface
static
void
class
finally
long
strictfp
volatile
const
float
native
super
while
